oh hey holy that's actually pretty
high - box cutters and I can't find it
why why I let me tweet this up just got
a package in the mail from MasterCard
alright guys you need to help me out
here you need to help me out I I have a
problem
alright I can't find the box cutter as
we've discussed so I have to use my keys
and and the keys don't work they're not
sharp enough unless I get three twitch
Prime subs no I just I it's just a weird
feature of the key if I need to key
anything it's just it says not enough
twitch Prime subs I've seen this before
I don't know why that happens
oh there's one of them okay cool and by
the way tea rope there's to stay
hydrated
Brandon my new so okay hopefully that
helps hey there's the third okay Asian
zeros or - okay we're opening the box
all right the first layer the first
layer we have green bubble wrap green
bubble wrap I repeat cut green bubble
wrap okay
oh hey holy this is actually pretty
high okay this is what we got
it's a chest that says it's a it's a
hextech chest holy
okay this is actually pretty cool this
is actually pretty cool I might need to
rip this pod later on and download is
there key
oh there's a key in the front this is
sick I've actually got it I'm actually
gonna go this dude has some big-ass
chompers Thank You Z eggplant
complements like get that from twitch
chat just always help me up this is
actually sick there's a little riot fist
and MasterCard logo in it okay well
that's it guys we opened up the box and
that's a stream we're opening the box
box has been opened okay there's several
things in here the perfect I need to
extend this out okay alright I'm gonna
read the letter MasterCard MasterCard is
unlocking priceless possibilities for
League of Legends eSports fans
everywhere by becoming the first global
partner of the world's largest eSport
okay what should I take first okay so
first off there's a hat all right I'm
gonna put the hat on it's a world
championship hat here's the here's the
concern guys here's my concern I have
been told by every woman I've ever dated
whenever I put a hat on they always say
to me never put a hat on again never put
a hat on again that's what they say so
I'm a little worried
this is the first time I've ever won a
hat on stream but uh yeah the Tresemme
says Travis don't use it okay people are
not happy
yikes Oh God take it off not that bad
actually expect okay we're gonna leave
it on
we're leave it on normally by the way it
is actually too tight hanging I'm gonna
give myself a headache I have a very big
head haha
here's a it's a celebrating an official
partnership but it's just a sticker that
they put over I'm so excited about this
oh there's actually the bit I think I've
seen this on their site I think this is
the best statue that they've ever made
see it makes a lot of sense because
MasterCard is all about unique
experiences traveling the world going
into great places and they sent the
Scout come on focus
look camera camera there thank you they
sent this the scout out oh I think the
mouse there's a mouse
yeah there's a mouse pet it's little
small little small maybe this is a mouse
pad you bring when you travel again
MasterCard all about traveling but a
little bit but it's a I think this is a
logo they're using for worlds this year
and that is on the mousepad
but honestly quite frankly the coolest
thing to me is the hextech chest like
with all the world's branding and stuff
on it this is honestly like I could have
bought like the Hat is kind of you know
it's a hat and the team oh you can just
buy in the store and the mousepad is
small I don't I would not I have like a
really big mouse pad I would not like it
almond mouse pad I would not um but I
would maybe bring the mouse pad with me
when I travel but the the chest is
actually honestly the coolest thing
chess is actually the coolest thing
these this is the type of stuff that
media people get by the way guys like I
used to get stuff like this from
Blizzard and other game publishers when
I ran Yahoo eSports they send you these
things to kind of get you hype about
their stuff and but the book I cannot
explain like the but this is all wood
like hang on I just want you guys to see
like this is actually really cool
I don't know like whoever did this did a
really good job with it and it's like
really well built like even I'm just
gonna be able to I can just use this
chest for other stuff oh and the key I
have a camera but well maybe you can
let's see how this works oh wait oh it
does kind of fit you can kind of put
that key in there that's kind of cool I
actually think I like it more just like
it was originally tied up Vince @id back
Scott but but this is actually one of
the coolest press things I've ever
gotten which is literally just the box
it came in
so that's neat I'm gonna take the hat
off I think I look a lot better without
hats on